AspNetCore.Testing readme, namespaces (#4561)
dotnet/extensions: src/Libraries/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Testing/README.md

# Microsoft.AspNetCore.Testing

> This package provides test fakes for integration testing AspNetCore applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides test fakes for integration testing ASP.NET Core applications.
```
